# 3.3 World Map

### 3.3.1. The Greenland

The Greenland is known as one of the oldest worlds in the FOTA universe, which was once the center of the "Aether" region before that great energy dispersed throughout the realms. Therefore, the Greenland is considered the promised land - where the secrets of the universe are kept.

Creatures in the universe reverently call the Greenland the Land of Eternity, which, when nourished by the mysterious energy of the Aether, creates light that envelops this place with a peaceful atmosphere, sprouting endless green vegetation and allowing for the quiet life of creatures on the geosphere. Therefore, this place can only be ruled by the great Omni race and the powerful Dragons' help. These are races allowed by Aether to use special abilities to open the Space Bridge leading to other worlds, carry out their duties, and ensure the order of all worlds.

The Greenland has witnessed a fierce civil war dividing the races of the Omni. This war was also the origin of the dark race known as the Demon. Although the righteous Omnis were the winners and kept the sanctity of this place, the consequences were disastrous, causing a part of Greenland's terrain to suffer heavy destruction and energy-draining from both sides. The Omni and Dragon devoted themselves to quickly clearing the remnants of the war while consolidating their strength against the Demon's vengeance.

### 3.3.2. **The Earth**

The Earth is a young world compared to other worlds. Its terrain is still in the process of changing due to the displacement of the Aether's unique metabolizing energy region, which is hidden deep in the everchanging geological layers and gradual warming of the temperature as it moves towards the center.

During their world exploration, the Omnis realized the power of the Earth's hidden energy and potential for higher social development. As a result, they frequented this place to distribute the gifts of the quintessence of the Aether. They imparted superior intelligence to the Human, ancient knowledge of the universe to the Elf, and at the same time, brought the ability to optimize energy to the Keen, with the expectation that these three races could raise the Earth to become a new land, inheriting the quintessence of the ancient Omni race.

The development history of the Earth was once about the contention of the three races, the Human, the Elf, and the Keen, to take over valuable resources because they believe that, with the unique ability bestowed, they will be the most elite races that rules this world. But under the protection and guidance of the Omnis, they gradually changed their minds, living together peacefully and organizing trade, creating an Earth with flourishing living creatures. Therefore, The Earth is known as the Land of Superior Civilization.

### 3.3.3. The Nightmare

The Nightmare is considered a realm of Boundless Terror. It is a place as dark as the abyss, located in the extreme remoteness of the universe, and exists full of mysteries. No one can answer or know when precisely this world was formed.

Based on the knowledge gained by the Omnis from the Aether, most of the Nightmare is said to be exceptionally arid. Half of the land is covered with ice and cold; volcanoes and lava scorch on the other half. Moreover, this forbidden area was affected by such a dark aura that even the Aether's ultimate light could be distorted.

The creatures here can only exist on the boundary between two opposing lands, and their source of life can only be the barbaric witchcraft that allows them to thrive and survive. Because of the poisonous energy, the races that exist here tend to be aggressive, and conflicts often occur.

Despite being a native race here, the Beast has only strength but no wisdom. Thus, since arriving in this land, the Demons have dominated and given birth to the Ogre race - a monstrous race with the strength and cunning mind to serve the Demon's revenge plan.
