# 11.5. Security System

We are strongly focusing on the People-Process-Technology to build a fantastic game that you will enjoy playing and protect your assets and hard-working efforts. We found that applying non-fungible tokens into the gaming platform has allowed players to overcome all the adversaries they faced. Firstly, our token embraces the true ownership of gaming assets. Secondly, it will enable players to move from game to app and vice versa, so they can use our tokens everywhere they go. As a popular and proven standard of all NFTs, we utilize ERC-721, proposed by William Entriken, Dieter Shirley, Jacob Evans, Nastassia Sachs in January 2018 as a Non-Fungible Token Standard.

We are strongly focusing on the People-Process-Technology to build a fantastic game that you will enjoy playing and protect your assets and hard-working efforts. We found that applying non-fungible tokens into the gaming platform has allowed players to overcome all the adversaries they faced. Firstly, our token embraces the true ownership of gaming assets. Secondly, it enables players to move from game to app and vice versa, so they can use our tokens everywhere they go. As a popular and proven standard of all NFTs, we utilize ERC-721, proposed by William Entriken, Dieter Shirley, Jacob Evans, Nastassia Sachs in January 2018, as a Non-Fungible Token Standard.

In the common centralized platform, digital and online games were prone to hacking and cyber-attacks from the beginning of time. Storing digital gaming assets on a blockchain would enhance the security for a player who has worked hard to collect them. The in-game purchases are recorded thoroughly on the digital ledger. We significantly increase transparency, maintain the game balance, and prevent the theft of ownership. Since the digital gaming assets are on-chain, the in-game assets cannot be replicated or destroyed as it is unique. For a user's on-chain transaction, the smart contract design guarantees the atomicity of transaction settlement, that is, either the transaction conditions are met to complete the settlement, or the transaction fails, and the user's assets are always kept in the wallet, under the user's control. We support all major Web3 wallets, which will bring not only convenience but also security. It was identified as a huge challenge to store all large data on the blockchain and not efficient. We keep those off-chain data secured by indexing them with a hash function and storing the blockchain's indexed hash value that cannot be modified.

In the common centralized platform, digital and online games were prone to hacking and cyber-attacks at the beginning. Storing digital gaming assets on a blockchain would enhance the security for a player who has worked hard to collect them. The in-game purchases are recorded thoroughly on the digital ledger. We significantly increase transparency, maintain the game balance, and prevent the theft of ownership. Since the digital gaming assets are on-chain, the in-game assets cannot be replicated or destroyed as it is unique. For a user's on-chain transaction, the Smart Contract design guarantees the atomicity of transaction settlement, that is, either the transaction conditions are met to complete the settlement, or the transaction fails, and the user's assets are always kept in the wallet, under the user's control. We support all major Web3 wallets, which will bring not only convenience but also security. It was identified as a huge challenge to store all large data on the blockchain and not efficient. We keep those off-chain data secured by indexing them with a hash function and storing the blockchain's indexed hash value that cannot be modified.

In many projects, security-related tasks were only tackled at the very end of the software development lifecycle. Right before it's going to be deployed, a security team, or an auditing team, sometimes even externally hired only for a short period of time, would step in, do some review, and generate some reports and improvement plans. Instead of a security audit as a silo at the end, we do it on the fly. By shifting left, security practices and testing are performed earlier in the development lifecycle, rather than at the end, which allows us to discover security issues earlier and fix them immediately.

In many projects, security-related tasks were only tackled at the very end of the software development lifecycle. Right before it's going to be deployed, a security team, or an auditing team, sometimes even externally hired only for a short period of time, would step in, do some review, and generate some reports and improvement plans. Instead of a security audit as a silo at the end, we do it on the fly. By shifting left, security practices and testing are performed earlier in the development lifecycle, rather than at the end, which allows us to discover security issues earlier and fix them immediately.

We are building our game platform on the cloud with a security-by-design approach, defense-in-depth concept, and zero-trust security framework for all our services. We reduced risk related to technology, insider threats, and the supply chain. It also helps us establish a cyber-forward strategy that reinforces and enhances company objectives, including security and trust. As we embed DevSecOps in every stage of the development lifecycle, it enables the development of secure games and related applications at the speed of Agile. Within DevSecOps, security is a central part of the entire lifecycle of the software development process. While we are iterating faster, getting feedback faster, improving faster to serve you better, we have implemented Security as Code or Policy as Code for our environment on the cloud and protect it with the best of class security solutions.

We are building our game platform on the cloud with a security-by-design approach, defense-in-depth concept, and zero-trust security framework for all our services. We reduced risk related to technology, insider threats, and the supply chain. It also helps us establish a cyber-forward strategy that reinforces and enhances company objectives, including security and trust. As we embed DevSecOps in every stage of the development lifecycle, it enables the development of secure games and related applications at the speed of Agile. Within DevSecOps, security is a central part of the entire lifecycle of the software development process. While we are iterating faster, getting feedback faster, improving faster so that we can serve you better, we have implemented Security as Code or Policy as Code for our environment on the cloud and protect it with the best of class security solutions
